[Music] Pay
attention family because I have another bombshell
that Jesús Manuel has dropped on us
exclusively for our channel I recommend
that you watch the full chat that I
had with Jesús Manuel this Sunday once
again because he has not left us
indifferent he has been up to par and we
have sincerely loved him I am thinking
of putting a fixed section on Jesús
Manuel so that he comes as well as
Ángela Portero wonderful and Rosa
Villacastín wonderful but I have to
tell you in this video the bombshell that
Jesús Manuel has dropped on us who by the
way this Saturday I am going to see the
premiere of his play in Madrid okay at the
Arlequín theater if you go there or you are going to
see the theater or whatever you can say
hi to me because I am going to go see the premiere
okay I am in Madrid doing some
things and I can't miss the premiere
of my friend Jesús Manuel family pay attention
to this bombshell and the information that I
have to add to you now when
we hear it eh watch out maybe
people are taking for granted that there is
a tension that I think there is but
maybe not Or rather maybe  they know him and there is no
distancing Nor
swimmer
But well
the information sometimes they also create
the return of Rocío Flores to television
Beyond continuing to talk or continue
answering that she has answered little of what she
has to answer to the mother Rocío,
the good mother
also has an opportunity to
return to television and tell what that
edition in these last weeks of the
little relationship that there was or that there is between
Olga and production Flores then Well, it
can also be generated and well
no, I cannot confirm it 100%, but I am
almost convinced by some questions
for some people that I have asked
That Rocío will return this week or
next and that coincides because it coincides with
the return to the morning
so close, look at
this in another in another climate later
this Jesús Manuel confirms it again
okay he
confirms the return of Rocío Flores
surely this week coinciding with
the return of Ana Rosa okay I mean we have been
talking more extensively if you
want to see it in full well you can
see it but we have been talking more
extensively and of course Ana Rosa
continues to count on Rocío Flores they have
had negotiations up and
down and so on but that they continue to count
on her and  Now I have to give you
some information that has reached me. I
imagine it's okay if I tell it,
obviously. I'm not going to say
who told me this, but I'll tell you, okay,
as of today, this information that
Jesús Manuel has is on the table, but it
's not yet, let's say, confirmed, like, hey,
well, Thursday at 10 you'll
be here, okay, it's not firm, let's
say it's not confirmed. I'm getting
that from somewhere else, but it's quite
likely that this proposal will be formulated and carried
out
because we have confirmation that Rocío
Flores is going to Madrid this week. Rocío.
Call me, we'll have a beer, my
brother. Hey, awesome family, we might see
Rocío Flores in the next few days on
Ana Rosa Quintana's set.
Keep an eye on the details, eh. A hug, always
subscribe to tele salseo, and we'll see you in
the next video.
[Music]